gnt -> glm rename (#19)
golemfactory/yagna-docs: provider-tutorials/provider-tutorial.md

{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}

> If you would like to earn real GLMs now, head over to our [Clay Golem Beta implementation](https://golem.network/download/clay-beta/).

Reviewer: in clay you are actually still earning GNT's

Author: Do you see the need to update this to more recent version or I should just revert to GNT back?

Reviewer: i would either:
- revert back
- add ( pre-migration ) before GNT

`Ethereum wallet address (default=internal wallet):` - Paste your own Ethereum address to which you have private keys stored. If you leave this space empty an address will be created for you on your local system.

> `price tGLM per hour (default=5):` - Type in the value of renting your computer power as a provider. You can use default price \(5 tGLM per hour\) by leaving this field empty. **This command shows up only when running GolemSP for the first time**

Reviewer 2: AFAIK this should be 'GLM' not 'tGLM' because providers will starting on mainnet by default.

Author: Well it is hard to say because it also mentions `rinkeby` in a few places:
- "For this release we have prepared a dedicated and controlled sub-network using Ethereum Rinkeby Testnet"
- "To confirm correctness of the listed values head over to [https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/](..."

Reviewer 2: I think this is beyond our scope of responsibility but let's discuss it with whoever is responsible for this tutorial.

Reviewer 3: it should be `GLM` and `default=0.1`
```suggestion
`price GLM per hour (default=0.1):` - Type in the value of renting your computer power as a provider. You can use default price \(0.1 GLM per hour\) by leaving this field empty. **This command shows up only when running GolemSP for the first time**
```
